MOJANG ACCOUNT TERMS
These Account Terms cover the ways our websites mojang.com and minecraft.net (our "Website") will be provided to you and may be used by you when logging in using a Mojang Account. Note that some players access mojang.com and minecraft.net using a Microsoft Account. Terms of use with a Microsoft Account can be found here. Some countries may have restrictions on who and how a Microsoft Account can provision an Xbox Live Profile. It is important to us that all of the members of our community can enjoy using our Website, so we've made these Account Terms to set a few ground rules. We also want to make sure that people don't use our Website in a way which might have a bad impact on our games or our brand.

By visiting our Website, you are agreeing to these Account Terms, which makes a legal agreement between us both. If you don't agree with these Account Terms, you should stop using the Website.

REGISTRATION, ACCOUNT AND PASSWORD
The details you give us as part of the registration for a Mojang or Microsoft Account must be correct. You can change your registration details if they become out of date. If you deliberately tell us something that you know isn't true, we may terminate or suspend your Mojang account or access to Minecraft.net or any Mojang game titles with your Microsoft Account.

You might need to register with us to access all of the parts of our Website. The username and password that you create for a Mojang Account and the activities occurring on your account are your responsibility, so please protect them and remember that our staff will never ask you to give out your password. You should change your password if you think someone whom you did not authorize knows what it is. Please note that we are not responsible if someone uses your password to do something on our Website that you don't like or that causes you harm.

You can manage and make changes to your Microsoft Account from here.

RIGHTS OF USE AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
You are free to use our Website as long as you stick to these Account Terms. You can only use this Website and its content for your personal use. Your permission to use this Website is personal to you, so you can't give it to anyone else.

Don't forget that we still own the Website and the content on it, but we are giving you permission to use it. We want you to enjoy using our Website, but if we want, we can take away your permission to use our Website at any time if necessary.

If you want to notify us that you believe someone is infringing your intellectual property on our Website or services, please submit your notice here (https://www.microsoft.com/info/cpyrtInfrg.aspx). If appropriate, we may terminate the accounts of users who are repeat infringers. We reserve the right to take down any content in our discretion.

RESTRICTIONS AND OBLIGATIONS
You aren't allowed to hack, decompile or change our Website at all and you mustn't do so. This includes the code or any content or data. Basically, you should just leave it as it is. You also aren't allowed to create any software or content that mimics our Website or branding. We really don't want any of our community to get confused about which is the official Website and which is a website that someone other than us operates.

Please don't use our Website in a way which we might think is offensive, immoral or illegal, or makes other people feel uncomfortable. We don't want our Website to be used in a way which upsets people.

You can't use our Website for commercial purposes, and you aren't allowed to try to make money from using our Website.

FORUM AND COMMUNICATIONS
If we are running a forum, we are just allowing members of our community to put their thoughts on our Website. It doesn't mean we represent or agree with those thoughts, and we can't be held responsible for what people post on our Website.

If we happen to see a post that we think is offensive, we might take it down, but it's not our job to screen or moderate the posts people make. What we say about forums and posts also applies to anything which enables people to put any other content, views or material on our Website or send it to others using the Website.

If you are going to put something up on our Website, it must not be offensive to people or illegal, it must be honest, and it must be your own creation. Some examples of the types of things you must not put on our Website include: posts that include racist or homophobic language; posts that are bullying; posts that are offensive or that damage our or another person's reputation; posts that include porn, advertising or someone else's creation or image; or posts that impersonate a moderator or try to trick or exploit people.

If you put something you don't have the right to put on our Website, you could get into a lot of trouble so please don't do it. You agree that whatever you post does not infringe anyone else's intellectual property or other rights.

If you post any content on our Website, you must (and by doing so you actually do) give us permission to use, copy, modify, adapt, distribute and publicly display that content as part of our Websites and games. This permission is perpetual, worldwide and irrevocable. You also agree to let us permit others to use, copy, modify, adapt, distribute and publicly display your content. You are not giving up your ownership rights in your content, you are just giving us and other users permission to use it. For example, we may need to copy, reformat, and distribute content that you post on our website so others can read it. If you don't want to give us this permission, then please do not post any content on our Website. Please think carefully before you post any content, because it will be made public and might even be used by other people in a way you don't like.

We reserve the right to take down any content in our discretion.

Please watch out if you are talking to people on or through our Website. It is hard for either you or us to know for sure that what people say is true, or even if people are really who they say they are. You should always think twice about giving out information about yourself.

LIABILITY AND GOVERNING LAW
These Account Terms do not affect any legal (statutory) rights that you may have under the law that applies to you for the Website or anything you buy through the Website. You might have certain rights which the law that applies to you says cannot be excluded. Nothing we say in these Account Terms will affect those legal rights, even if we say something which sounds like it contradicts your legal rights. That's what we mean when we say "subject to applicable law".

SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WHEN YOU USE OUR WEBSITE OR SERVICES, YOU USE THEM 'AS IS'. THIS MEANS THAT WE ARE NOT MAKING ANY PROMISES TO YOU ABOUT THE STANDARD OR QUALITY OF OUR WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT OR THAT OUR WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. THIS MEANS THAT WE AREN'T RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSSES YOU MAY SUFFER AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITE.

The laws of Washington State govern the interpretation of these Account Terms and claims for their breach, regardless of conflict of laws principles. The laws of your country govern all other claims and disputes (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims, and disputes relating to our Game, or our Website), regardless of conflict of laws principles.

If we have linked our Website to another website, it doesn't mean we have checked that website. It just means that we think it's interesting. We aren't responsible for websites linked to our Website.

PURCHASES
You can buy games on our Website, as well as other products from third-parties. In order to do this, our Website is integrated with third party service providers. To buy some products shown on our Website, you will have to leave our Website and make the transaction on a third-party website. Aspects of those transactions are covered by our third party service providers, as well as these Account Terms. We try to make sure the Website only shows games or products that are available, but of course we can't guarantee that all of the games or products will always be available.

PRICE AND PAYMENT
The pricing and payment method are set out on our Website, but we might change them every once in a while and we can refuse any form of payment if we want, and we can return payment to you without completing a transaction if the item paid for was posted or priced by mistake. You must always pay in the currency set out on our Website, but your credit card company should be able to exchange your money if necessary. Your credit card company might do security checks to make sure it is really you making the order.

RETURNS, REFUNDS AND CANCELLATION
If you can't use a game or a product because it doesn't work, let us know and we'll try to help you out.

The purchase of a game through our Website provides you with a license to use the game that commences when the download of the game starts, following which you shall not be entitled to cancel your order for the game except if the law requires a cooling off period. For the purposes of such laws the game is digital content and by clicking "Purchase" you are expressly consenting to the game being made available to you straightaway and agree that this means you won't have a cooling off right. If you first downloaded the game to play in DEMO mode and later buy a license code, your license commences when you redeem the license code.

You or we may cancel your Mojang Account at any time or access to Minecraft.net, Mojang.com or any Mojang game titles using a Microsoft Account. When your account terminates or access is terminated, your rights under these Account Terms terminate. The sections above with headings "Restrictions and Obligations" and "Liability" will survive termination.

ERRORS
We do what we can to make sure all of the information on our Website is correct. However, sometimes there might be errors. We might also cancel or suspend a transaction if there has been an error.

PROMOTIONS
Sometimes we run promotions. If we do, the main rules of the promotion are below. There might be other rules relating to a particular promotion, but we will tell you about them when we tell you about the promotion.

The main rules are:

Only one promotion can be used at a time, and you can't use a promotion with another offer.
Discounts are only valid until the date specified and they only apply to purchases made on the Website.
Discounts are not refundable.
We may cancel or change a promotion at any time.
GENERAL STUFF
These Account Terms describe certain legal rights. The laws of your state or country may give you other rights, including consumer rights, that these Account Terms cannot change; if so, they apply as far as the law allows. Nothing excludes or limits our liability for death or bodily injury resulting from our negligence or fraudulent misrepresentations.

We may change these Account Terms from time to time, if we have reason to. For example, there might be changes to our games, our practices, or our legal obligations. We'll inform you of the change before it takes effect, either by posting a notice on our Website or some other reasonable way. If you use the Website or your account after the change, that means you agree to the changes. If you do not agree to the changes, stop using the Website. The changes will apply to your use of the Website when you next use it.

If you come to us with a suggestion for any one of our Websites or games, that suggestion is made for free and we have no obligation to accept or consider it. This means we can use or not use your suggestion in any way we want and we don't have to pay you for it. If you think you have a suggestion that we would be willing to pay you for, please do not submit your suggestion unless you have first told us you expect to be paid and we have responded in writing by asking you to submit the suggestion. This does not mean we would never pay for valuable contributions, but it does mean we have no obligation to pay.
